hey guys what is going on today today we
got a new product we'll be testing out
today it's the brand-new Barrett Jackson
it's his premium auto care wheel cleaner
so it's easy to use spray-on hose off
safe for all wheels alright I'll go
ahead and show you the packaging this is
brand new
somebody told me was that pet boys and
they were just gonna start carrying at
Walmart I went up there and I found it
and they only right now mine they only
have the wax the detailer spray and the
wheel cleaner so I had a lot of requests
for this I went ahead and picked it up
for you guys
price on it was around six dollars and
fifty cents us so that should give you a
pretty good idea basically a legend says
the spray onto the entire wheel tire
allowed to soak for about 30 seconds
watch the brake dust and grime dissolve
this all before your eyes hose off dry
wheels and tires with a soft clean cloth
for extremely dusty wheels and tires a
second application of scrubbing might be
necessary so we're doing this year on my
1991 Honda Prelude hey the old dross sit
outside everyday as you guys know and I
take it to work a lot especially if it's
rainy even though I got my new
motorcycle now I've been driving it
every day since it started warming up
here in Florida I still when it's rains
or whatever I'm always using the old car
right here so this is why it's my daily
driver and we're gonna see what we can
do on it right quick let's see what we
got no it's a bit windy guys so bear
with me that's why I have the camera as
close as possible so you can see me and
let's go ahead and spray it on there and
get all that nasty piss off now I like
to get a little bit uh called liberal on
my wheels to get all that junk out and
let it come out so we're gonna sit here
and wait on it and see what we got okay
it says you can spray it off and just
hose it off and it said wait 30 seconds
so we're actually gonna test this out
normally I even though I'm always using
this I do go in there and clean it but
you know what we're gonna help see if we
can hold them to it and see if it
actually does it now it does say if you
might need to do it scrub the second
application or scrubbing might be
necessary I think that's their quick out
for a lot of companies because I've
tested got a lot of these spray-on spray
off stuff wash off stuff and they do not
clean the tires or crap you see a little
spot here cleaning a little spot here
clean but overall it's not gonna be
clean so that's what we're testing out
today
yeah I can see dirt ants flowing off
there here let me see if I can zoom in
with the camera a little bit so that way
you guys can make sure you see all that
you see it so it is actually working and
so we can't not get saying that it's not
working but for the way I like to do
things I want to make sure that it's
gonna be all the way off so we're gonna
give it the full 30 seconds here and
we're gonna do one application and then
if we need to we're gonna go back and do
it the regular way we're gonna go ahead
and get in there because of course I do
have my cleaning car stuff behind me so
here we go all right guys I want to say
it's probably been in close to 30
seconds now let me go ahead and put the
homes wash it off let's see if it holds
true remove all stuff out of the way but
you can definitely see the dirts coming
off poor girl hadn't been washing about
three weeks so you can definitely see
the dirt coming off I mean there's no
doubt about it
alright guys there we go um let's see if
it's still got a lot of dirt on it let's
go ahead and do the finger test the very
sensitive finger tips and see if it's
actually clean or dirty still I'll have
to see it on my fingers now I said wipe
it off but I mean I'm still getting lots
of dirt through here and I wouldn't
recommend this with anything I wouldn't
recommend just a spray-on if you're
actually gonna care about your cars and
your wheels and make sure they look good
do the proper way to do it don't just do
the hose on hose off deal you'll get
sure you get the light dirt and dust off
but like it says if it's bad you're
gonna have to go and scrub and I think
that's the way a lot of these companies
are because people would complain and
say well it's not really spray off so I
always get in there and clean it and I
recommend that you do too so I'm gonna
go ahead and reapply here go in there
and do it the proper way and then we'll
show you some end results and we'll talk
about it but so far I mean it halfway
does it what it says it's gonna do the
other half is true you're gonna have to
get in there and scrub it so but you
know don't take them against them a lot
of companies say the same thing oh it's
spray and spray off and then in reality
you actually does it say on the bottom
you might have go in there and agitated
and get it all loose up so just giving
you a heads up there so I'm not faulting
bare Jack there's just a lot of the
gimmicks they put out there today so let
me go ahead and do it the right way and
then we'll show some differences so stay
tuned alright guys time for the final
review of the barrett-jackson wheel
cleaner you can see the wheels are being
cleaned off and everything I mean
there's some general staining that had
the well well before on the car remember
this car is 24 years old as I make this
video and a lot of the car came to me a
little bit rough and they're glad to
clean it up so there's little marks and
stuff that I can't help actual paint was
gone off tire but overall I did a pretty
good job I would rate it probably about
a B I like to see a little bit of foam
and stuff with it but we did see it
really loosen up the dirt so I can't
fault it for that it's doing a really
good job there but like I said you're
going to have two guys you're gonna have
to get me in there and really clean it
and scrub through the wheel if you want
it done right you're going to have to do
it it says it on the back
like I said I believe that this is a
gimmick for a lot of these companies out
here to use they're not the only ones to
do it so I don't like I don't fault bear
Jackson for that but I think a lot of
these companies a sucker a lot of these
young guys in - and young ladies into
believing that they can spray it on
though there's gonna be clean it's just
not true and that's why at the bottom it
says what Yuma College what is it here
it is right here for extremely dirty
dusty wheels tires a second application
or scrubbing might be needed that is
there like I said their ticket to get
away with that and so guys don't ever
believe any of this wash on wash off
junk you if you want it done right
you're gonna have to get in there and do
it okay for loosening up the dirt and
everything it does a great job okay so I
would give it a solid probably be plus
here do I honestly think the
barrett-jackson have their million
dollar car shows uses this to clean
their cars right before they roll them
on the stage I doubt it I honestly got
it because those cars are working a
hundreds of thousands company a couple
million dollars and they probably have
some very expensive high-end products
and correct me if I'm wrong here but so
if somebody knows for sure go ahead and
chime in but I'm just saying oh if you
can pure selling your car for five
hundred thousand dollars are you getting
a six dollar product on there that's
what I'm saying so maybe they just have
the name but overall like I said a good
B+ here I would like to see some foam
out of the act I like to see some
foaming action there some of the other
products I like has some foaming action
and but other than that it does a great
job no issues at all so solid b-plus
here from me and but you can see it did
clean up the dirt and everything like
that no problem once I got in there and
scrub it like I said so for the wash on
wash off don't believe any of that stuff
and just get in there and do it right
the first time
don't just half-ass anything when you go
to your work or you go to out to your
across your car you have fast you're
gonna get half-ass the results so but
once I you actually got in scrub you
like I said no issues at all so there
you go guys you're looking for a cleaner
not bad for six or seven dollars I give
it a solid b-plus here and I hope you
guys really liked the video I hope that
you enjoy that I went out and bought it
for you because I know that's what you
guys have been asking for so there you
go thank you very much for watching I
really do appreciate it and I will see
you guys at the very next video
accord signing off
one last look at the barrett-jackson
bottle alright guys later